they greet each other
this is a typical hawks day
isa after a long night of sums of
cuddling his kitten already at his
kitten dropped to the stable on the
cesar living room floor responds
to the right letter
hello susa like hello is a dog
bad this in summary but now
describes themes everything is a bad dog
what does it do when we're sleeping and mine
mother opens the door to my room
jump on what he does if I clean med
dark in our garden and always barks
in bahia and disturbs and close to buy and in
our garden is a g in the ci
ruin life is manipulating you
girls because you are not manipulating
stay inside all day yes yes yes
she looks like an active girl you will live
always annoying
that's right the same thing is true
also for other dogs especially if
they are active plus she is a pitbull
has a lot of energy
yes here we are a very single mom
sweet and two beautiful and if we put them
all together a bomb comes out
there are too many symptoms are symptoms of
t dominance nervousness symptoms of
fear and even symptoms of dominance
this family was the risk of
aggression ok but there is very close
I want you to be afraid but to be
aware then today I will show you how
lead the dog the right way you must
learn what is normal for
the animal in their environment does not follow
weak people but minimal elite of
very aggressive lights that hands
enjoy it what bursts are larrivey
senegal the gift is a behavior
way of projecting oneself
understood she is not aggressive and dominant
then we will use this leash
backwards never what is going to do
now he 's hopping he's afraid he did but
we decide if we can use it or not
cesaro is concerned about behavior
of maya then returns after three
weeks to check if there are any
progress since you left is
it has been a lot has already gone as before digs
still a bit around but like i
destiny's toys still choose there
still to work but I think there is
we will be a wonderful dog
yes and then we do what we want
do